hey it's me red you know the guy
everybody hated who kind of saved the
whole island anyway war with Leonard in
the pigs what are you gonna do I'm a
foodie still going on those what and BOM
and Chuck are doing whatever they do I
eat dirt and me well I still have some
anger issues but I'm finding healthier
ways to deal with it Fred I know we've
had our differences but we've discovered
that there's a third island maybe one
good reason why I should believe you
know show you the Bruce Williams
really but this is a hundred times team
together
guys this is my sister silver we just
don't think you're gonna be compatible
with the team oh wow it is such a
pleasure to meet not you but you I like
her we gotta get to the island is what
my assistant was going to say
[Music]
this is the amazing team I've been
working around the clock for well that's
disappointing
step one we're gonna break in and
deactivate the weapon we look amazing
we gotta get that key card hello fellow
Eagle God how he's doing a voice yeah
I'm just gonna
[Music]